added warning about azure workitems and other build envs (#1905)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/releases/issue-tracking/azure-devops.md

![Octopus Azure DevOps integration - how it works diagram](/docs/releases/issue-tracking/images/octo-azure-devops-how-it-works.png "width=500")
:::

:::div{.warning}

> Azure Workitems aren't currently supported by BuildEnvironments other than AzureDevops 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure work items aren't currently supported unless the `BuildEnvironment` is Azure DevOps.
```
